# DataStax Desktop release notes
Release notes for [DataStax Desktop](https://downloads.datastax.com/#desktop).

## v2.0.0
*Released 18 May 2020*

### Highlights

* Learn Cassandra with the new Guided Experience. The Guided Experience walks users through the steps to get started with the embedded Apache Cassandra™ tutorial.

### Changes and enhancements

* Embedded CQL Shell for easy interaction with your running Cassandra instance.
* Stacks are now provisioned with a default name.
* DataStax Desktop now polls Docker for state changes twice as frequently.
* When launching the application, the Guided Experience screen displays if you do not have any stacks provisioned in your local Docker. If you do have stacks provisioned in your local Docker, the Stacks screen displays.
* On the Stack List and Stack Detail screens, some stack layers now collapse by default.
* To see the details of a stack, select the stack title from Stack List screen.
* The buttons that link to the stack layers appear on the Stack Detail and Stack List screens, along with new buttons to open the Guided Experience and the embedded CQL shell.
* Initial screen includes only the DataStax Desktop terms of service and metric collection agreements. This screen no longer includes provisioning a Cassandra stack.
* Fixed user interface bugs:
    * The size of the arrow on the Back button that appears on some screens was not consistent.
    * Color scheme change did not appear correctly when each scheme initially loads.
    * Scrollbars did not correctly reflect which parts of the screen are fixed and which are scrollable.

### Known issues

* If the CQL Shell is open, DataStax Desktop cannot be closed. Workaround: Navigate to a screen without a CQL Shell to close DataStax Desktop.
* DataStax Desktop supports only Docker Desktop; Docker Toolbox is not supported.

**This is an old version.** An index of all versions is available [here](https://github.com/datastax/release-notes/DataStax_Desktop/DataStax_Desktop.md).
