# DataStax Desktop release notes
Release notes for [DataStax Desktop](https://downloads.datastax.com/#desktop).

## v2.1.0
*Released 25 June 2020*

### Highlights

* The Guided Experience and Example stacks now use Cassandra 4.0 Alpha 4.
* The following experiences now launch in a dedicated application window rather than opening in a default browser:
    * Integrated developer environment (IDE)
    * Studio
    * OpsCenter
    * DSE Analytics (Spark)
    * DSE Search (Solr)
* Added new stack for graph data. This graph stack pairs with [*The Practitioner's Guide to Graph Data: Applying Graph Thinking and Graph Technologies to Solve Complex Problems*](https://www.datastax.com/blog/2020/05/practitioners-guide-graph-data) by Denise Koessler Gosnell and Matthias Broecheler.

### Changes and enhancements

* Added latest Netflix experience scenarios to DataStax-Examples repository.
* Improved logging and step-by-step activities for experiencing the Cassandra database.
* Added reusable operations to the Java, Python, Node.js, and C# experiences.
* Updated Java experience to support Java 14.
* Example stacks upgraded to use Theia IDE 1.4.
* Upgraded to the latest DataStax drivers for the respective language.
* Added transparent explanation of our data collection practices.
* Added an option to be counted once while still opting out of overall metrics collection.
* Stacks updated to use DataStax Enterprise 6.8.1 and Studio 6.8.1.
* Improved startup time of DataStax Enterprise stacks.

**This is an old version.** An index of all versions is available [here](https://github.com/datastax/release-notes/blob/master/DataStax_Desktop/DataStax_Desktop.md).
