# DataStax Desktop release notes
Release notes for [DataStax Desktop](https://downloads.datastax.com/#desktop).

## v2.2.1
*Released 29 July 2020*

### Highlights
* Addressed an issue where first-time users were presented with a blank white screen.
* Improved error handling to display a useful error message for screens that don't render correctly, along with the option to report the problem to DataStax.
* The Stack Store now shows all stacks upon first arrival on the page.

### Changes and enhancements
* Corrected the metadata on the example stacks to indicate that the stacks are now using the Cassandra 4.0 Beta.
* Improved application startup performance.
* Added tracking for all stack status changes instead of just a subset when tracking is enabled.
* Improved our example stacks:
    * Python
        * Corrected the Cassandra host address so the sample app can connect.
        * Corrected the order of the initialization steps.
        * Changed example stack to more closely follow Python conventions.
    * Java
        * Removed the "prebuilt" project JAR and corresponding section of the README. This version could not be updated with the Cassandra hostname when provisioning the stack and therefore could never connect to the database.
    * C#
        * Corrected a typo in the log output.
        * Fixed an issue that caused the README with run instructions to not be readily visible.
        * Updated example stack to use the latest Cassandra Driver 3.15.1.
    * NodeJS
        * Improved README.
        * Added a missing await keyword which prevented the example code from working correctly on the first run.
        
**This is an old version.** An index of all versions is available [here](https://github.com/datastax/release-notes/DataStax_Desktop/DataStax_Desktop.md).
